[Music]
what is up YouTube it's your girl Evelyn
and I am back with the season 3 episode
6 recap of killing Eve as always there
will be spoilers so proceed with caution
we are back in London and Eve is
visiting Nico in the hospital that's
right
Eve's hubby survived Dash's pitchfork
attack Nico is unable to speak for
obvious reasons but that doesn't stop
him from telling Eve to piss off forever
via Speak & Spell villanelle is back
from Griezmann but our favorite assassin
still looks a bit shaken after last
week's adventures in matricide she's
meeting with the twelve or more
specifically Helene the sharp-dressed
red healed woman who gave Dasha the
orders to drive a wedge between Eve and
Belen L we are unsure of Holland's
specific job title but she appears to be
a middle man of sorts for the 12 Helene
excitedly tells villanelle that her
request to become a keeper has been
granted and even pops a bottle of bubbly
to celebrate she then gives villanelle
her first official assignment as a
keeper to dispatch of a high-profile
romanian politician villanelle
immediately protests telling Helene this
is the same stuff she's been doing
besides she was told that as a keeper
she'd be the one giving the orders not
receiving them Helene wants to know who
gave her that information but villanelle
swerves the question and takes the
assignment but not before telling Helene
this is [ __ ] the bitter pill gang is
hard at work searching for a link
between Nico's attempted murder and the
12 current string of assassinations the
most obvious link is villanelle but
despite the evidence
Eve just isn't convinced if there's one
person Eve knows better than herself
it's villanelle the murder of Bertha
Kruger also puzzles Eve if villanelle
was in France killing Bertha Kruger how
could she be in Poland
pitchfork and Neko at the same time
after a quick snack break in which Eve
goes one-on-one with a vending machine
the gang begins to make progress
they finally link the 1974 Olympic
murder Tadashi who we learned was a
former KGB agent there discovers that
Dasha is currently residing in Barcelona
teaching gymnastics to kids and it's
clear Eve wants to find her but before
jumping on a plane to Barcelona Eve and
Tara gates Carolyn who you'll remember
was once the head of the mi6 Russian
desk Yves is convinced that Dasha is
villanelles handler and is beginning to
believe it was she who attacked Nico and
not villanelle from Carolyn
we learned that Dasha was a high-ranking
KGB agent but was exiled for murdering
one of her own after Eve makes it clear
she's going to Barcelona to find Dasha
Carolyn tells her to be careful because
Dasha is very very dangerous
Konstantin is at Irina's hockey game
proudly cheering her on
when villanelles obnoxiously loud
yelling and airhorn drown him out they
have a sit-down and it doesn't take long
for Constantine to notice that
villanelle is far from her normal
cheerful self he correctly guesses that
she killed her mother and for the first
time he appears legitimately shocked but
villanelle doesn't want to talk about
her mother she wants to talk about
Constantine's plan
it seems Constantine took arenas episode
for advice to heart and all of his
recent shady activities have been in
service of a plan that will allow him
and Irina to ditch his duplicitous life
of crime and live happily ever after
somewhere far away and villanelle wants
in after telling her no multiple times
konstantin finally relents and promises
that once he and Irina have gotten away
safely Pilsen for villanelle villanelle
doesn't believe him but Constantin
insists it's the only way
even reminds villanelle that if she does
this she will have to give up everything
including Eve Carolyn is having a secret
meeting with her boy Mike who apparently
has the phone record hookup he gives her
at Kenny's phone records and surprise
surprise Kenny made and received several
calls to a rush a number right before
his death we then find out the reason
for the cloak-and-dagger nature of the
meeting a week ago Mike emailed Carolyn
the same phone records but mysteriously
she never received them fresh off of her
secret meeting Carolyn strolls into
Paul's office and innocently inquires
about the status of the phone records
she now has in her possession
Paul waffles a bit blaming Scotland Yard
for the holdup but promises her he's
working on it
Carolyn straight-up asked Paul if he's
working for them and Paul throws the
question right back at her they then
have a cheerful chat about not trusting
each other and Paul leaves Carolyn to
her new office Irina has just been
dropped off to school by her mother's
and suffer ibly nice boyfriend
when villanelle pops up and offers to
let her do whatever she wants if she
ditches school and comes with her
Irina knows villanelle is just digging
for information about the plan but she
really wants to drive a car during the
Joyride Irina complains about her
mother's annoyingly nice boyfriend and
villanelle tells her to kill him
obviously after some goading from
villanelle Irina eventually lets it slip
that she and Konstantin are going to
Cuba speaking of Konstantin he has a
run-in with his old friend Carolyn who
offers to take him for a drive but as
Carolyn pushes the car to a dangerously
high speed it becomes apparent that she
is a far from happy with Konstantin
after instructing him to toss his wallet
out the window she demands to know what
Constantine wanted with her child
Constantine realizes that his life is in
actual danger and admits that Geraldine
kissed him and Carolyn's like oh I was
actually talking about Kenny it turns
out the Russian number that Kenny called
belonged to Constantine and Kenny wanted
to know if Constantine was his real
father because as you'll remember
Carolyn was begging Constantine during
the 80s which is when Kenny would have
been conceived Constantine told Kenny
that he didn't know whether or not he
was his father
Carolyn clearly expecting a different
answer abruptly stopped the car and puts
Constantine out in the middle of nowhere
Carolyn is back home and finally ready
to get into it with Geraldine their
subsequent conversation sheds some light
on their current dysfunctional
relationship and ultimately they both
agree they only have each other now
is best if they learn to get along but
before the hallmark moment is over
Carolyn casually demands that Geraldine
tell her all about her relationship with
Constantine it's evening and Constantine
has returned from his hike to find Paul
waiting for him in the dark
turns out Carolyn was right to suspect
Paul because he definitely appears to
work for the twelve Paul tells
Constantine that Charles Krueger was not
the Six Million Dollar embezzler
Constantine asks if he can leave London
now since his job was to investigate
Charles but the investigation has now
shifted to Charles's recently murdered
Widow Bertha
Constantine's new assignment is to find
the person who ordered the hit on Eartha
and Paul promises that if things go
sideways Constantine will take the fall
not Paul Eve has arrived at a bowling
alley in Barcelona where Dasha and her
monogrammed tracksuit are in the middle
of a game no introductions are necessary
and the two begin to ball in between
effortless strikes Eve questions Dasha
about villanelle and when she slyly lets
it slip that Nico is still alive Dasha
nearly drops her bowling ball confirming
Eve's suspicions villanelle didn't
pitchfork Nico Dasha did Dasha annoyed
that Eve is getting the upper hand
brings her down a notch and tells her
that villanelle has been promoted
therefore Eve will never be able to
touch her now Dasha insists that Eve can
not prevail against the twelve and warns
her that she can be killed at any time
villanelle is in romania disguised as a
hairdresser but our normally gleeful
assassin just doesn't have the heart for
the kill
she is uncharacteristically sloppy and
the target manages to stab her before
she kills him not to mention she leaves
a trail of blood at the crime scene
Poston teens meeting with Paul has
catapulted the plan into action
and after frantically packing his
suitcase he calls Irina and tells her
school's out early this year
be ready Dasha finds villanelle lying on
the bathroom floor of her villa trying
to unsuccessfully give herself stitches
a crying villanelle tells Dasha she's
done she's leaving the 12 and she
doesn't want to do this anymore
Dasha dismisses villanelles emotional
plea and after helping her with her
stitches tells villanelle to clean
herself up and she'll order a pizza
Konstantin is hiding in the shadows
waiting for Irina to sneak out in her
mother's car but her mother's
nauseatingly nice boyfriend happens to
be taking out the trash and instead of
waiting for him to go back inside
Irina takes villanelles advice and runs
him over in front of a shock Konstantin
and that is it for the recap thank you
so much for watching tell me do you
think murdering her mother broke
something inside of villanelle is our
favorite psychopath in danger of
becoming normal also what do you guys
think about Niko being alive
was it a bait-and-switch or more
subverting of expectations let me know
in the comments and if you haven't
already don't forget to subscribe and
I'll see you next week